This is a clear English speech with proper punctuation. me or? It's Yohini, but... Yohini, okay. No, no, it's okay. I just want to do something right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, Yohini. Okay, now let me explain what we are expecting from this session and let me give quick briefing to relax you easily, how we will handle this one. So first, you will introduce yourself, you will explain your past experience, your technical skills, which area you are powerful. What is your ambition, which challenge you did in the past? You already did something first round with the HR, right? So our topic is different than because I already checked your record. So we are expecting from this session to go deep dive a little, not the answer same questions and the same answers. And then I will ask some questions regarding your automation experience, like some tricky question I will ask. I need to understand, are you capable for the libraries or the coding part or automation part, how you are handling the quality we are expecting from the candidate to understand this topic and then manage and drive itself. So please go ahead. So yeah, I'm Jovheny and I'm working as QA for 8 years and through this experience I first worked with Java and it was my first language and I worked with it on Notepad and everything but then when I started working at EPM they moved me to C sharp and after that it's my top one language and I just used it and I intentionally went to the automation and after that I thought only in the direction of DevOps, but then I returned back to automation. So when I was working with C Sharp, I was working also with Xamarin, it's for mobile automation and just regular N-unit, X-unit different frameworks. It was mostly just warm-up and understanding the basics. We had Jenkins and basic things. Then I moved to another company and I worked there for five years and it was a project about automation and it was automation without code so I worked a lot with virtual machines and that that's why I moved to automation of the processes and worked with pipelines with Docker and configuration of networks so a lot of things that required some automation and it was very very very interesting and good experience But then, when I was looking for a new position, DevOps position, I just thought maybe I can try automation positions too, and it was a game changer. I recalled how inspiring to automate. of this I just started to do my own automation on my phone I doing my like local automation from temper monkey and created like six years or seven years ago framework that automates shortcuts for any site and I'm still using it and yeah regarding the stack on my last project we used flyui, csharp.net but then we moved to TypeScript and Playwright and then everyone is moving because of, because of the, it's working amazing with AI. That's why I believe everyone's moving. Yeah, yeah. And I'm also very big fan of PowerShell because I was working with a lot of DevOps stuff. And it's just like C sharp plus bash. And, uh, I guess my third language, favorite language is JavaScript. Uh, and I'm kind of Python user now. So, um, yeah, I love many languages, but that's my for me. Yes. It's very good to, if you are working multiple programming languages, sometimes some layers when you reach to some The experience you are forgetting about the language They're just focusing the mission and then whatever you need your thing. Okay, great. So I just want to ask Because sometimes the candidates mixing up some topics I want to real just for the clarification I'm asking and also I apologize if I asking sometimes lazy questions I trust my technical side, but sometimes it's better to ask basic questions, even if you know the topic. The reason is that simple is perfect to understand the topic and then reach the goal. So based on your CV, I just want to understand this kind of technologies or the topics someone delivered to you, or someone already working on some project. And then you just want you just see, because the for example, if you use the Grafana for the automation, it's great, we are using to but if someone is already using the Grafana from the some product development team, but you just access the websites, this is not good. It means you never, you didn't evolve the technology, you just watched someone when someone is using. So that's why I just want to ask the, for example, in the leap work, you worked seven years. For example, did you really work with the key in 9S from your local? And did you really extend the test scenarios in the Docker or which part you worked on? Yeah, I was mainly using the K9S and I also extended with Docker and on Docker Compose. I created several parts myself, but it was mostly copying of other files and actually it's not the hardest part but yes I worked with it and that was my starting point from in live work as DevOps. So also while you're working did you create the entire framework from scratch or for automation who developed this part or who was the how many people you were working with the team to build something regarding the finally we had two automation qas and regarding typescript we were creating together and i was I guess it's kind of tricky question because creation of framework it's just you create the base of the framework and it was mostly a matter of getting understanding the best prompt because we created the base and then we worked with page objects that were generated and we just checked that all the selectors are good so yeah yeah I created frameworks and not once and not not only here. And yeah, I have a lot of experience with no code solutions and there were a lot of new starts, let's say, because we love to, we love to, because it's very important. Sometimes you don't need to build a rocket. So if someone already did on the market, it's good to use, but it should be under the enterprise protection, not data leakage, etc. So that's why we know some tools just going to market just for the stale data. So that's why we are not using and sometimes we are building ourself. Okay, cool. Let's move on to, go ahead. I'm looking at AI, not as just a generator or just some magic hand that does everything, because yeah, if it will create everything, you will not understand anything in several months and it will be a mess. Yeah, that's why we don't like to wipe others, so that's why we always be inside. I really see some people playing around too much with the co-pilot agents or the cloud or doesn't matter. And yes, when some bug created, when we find a bug, we realize that they are not able to fix easily because they don't understand coming from an always doesn't matter if I develop with AI or without AI. When I send my PR, always check, I was checking myself every time because I want to make sure I'm not creating bug because of my, my PR. So that's why it's very important how you respect our code, how you respect your creation and then how we respect the environment you are breaking or yeah, you have some standard. I also personally have some standards for coding. that's why we need to do this. Yes. Okay. I love it. Now, I would like to move on to questions. It's really good. You are in the magnetic solutions and also from some of the scalable solutions, which is really great because we are also doing the similar things. We are not using Java, first of all. This is maybe it's good for you because sometimes when we review also candidates, they're also they are studying with from Java and then when we talk to all topics they are stuck in somewhere because they don't know the Microsoft area too much and then they don't know the integration. Based on your experience with the Azure DevOps, may I ask have you ever worked with with the MS test or unit test? Yes. Mostly with N-unit, but MS test was in IPAM and attributes are different, and there are some small differences in scopes, but yeah. Okay. So you work with the MS test, And for my understanding, you have experience with Azure DevOps, right? Yes, yes. I was working with service connections and with user permissions. And as I specified with firewall and a lot of things, but pipelines, of course. Great. So my question is for this one. Just give the simple scenario and then I expect the basic answer. you don't need to go to time. Okay. So let's say I'm automating one test case. Because product owners and team start the discussion. Yes, this footprint we will develop this user story, we will send the customer the next footprint. Do you want to make sure we deliver this functionality? But our responsibility is to make sure everything tested, all results green and then make sure the regression completed. It means that we test this functionality and then we automate it and then we can run on the pipeline. Based on your experience, what is your first section in Azure DevOps to make sure that this quality covered and regression prepared? You can virtually think the environment I'm giving to you, because if I give my environments, maybe you will feel differently. So that's why, but the topic is very simple. So you have user story, you have team, and then they're expecting something from you to run this quality to make sure user story working, all functions, but your environment is Azure DevOps. That's it. So after that, you are creating the answer. Which action you will do here? Hmm. Yeah, it's kind of tricky because it depends on how, okay, we can check the results. For example, we have results as a result, when I will check the results in the pipeline. can check results in the pipeline or artifacts if it's published or test results they are just can be shown in infographic but my scenario is my scenario is team will deliver this story and then they are expecting from you to some actions. And then the reason they want to see the maybe test case, maybe some something and then you will work on this. That's why you are giving effort to team. Yes, I need three hour on this. So what exactly you will do when someone say, to yes, we started on this user story, Which action you will take to make sure quality is on your hand? Uh, maybe that's a little bit silly, but maybe I create a task for it and, uh, uh, start it and, uh, just lock everything, uh, that is, uh, in a test results, some checks and Grafana results, actually, yes, it's, we have test trails, but usually we just create some test plan or just a test run and we, We, it's automated and we have results in the test trail. So usually it's matter of creation of task and logging everything there. Okay. So what about the team? Did you inform the team or did you share the result with them? So still they don't know, they should check the test rail or you should report? Okay, it's just, yeah, it's, okay, yes, it's specified, not specified, but we talked about before the job even started. So I guess, yeah, we can tell that we notified the team that this part is checked. So yeah. Yes. No, no, it's okay. It's okay. Just what we're trying to achieve here, this scenario, the steps actually as a quality engineer, we always follow some area and then I just want to make sure how much you're familiar on this. But let me give you some one example answers and then the next question, maybe you will feel more better. So if someone is working on the user story, it doesn't matter which tool they're using, Jira or Azure DevOps or test trail, or I don't care. So the first, my goal is the understanding acceptance criteria, because acceptance criteria will tell me, okay, the businesses or customer is expecting this result. So that's why my first action is on this user story, doesn't matter who is working or not working. So my first action is create the test case from the scratch or with AI. So based on the acceptance criteria, because I wanna make sure that everything is covered, also negative scenarios, also secret scenarios, including, because sometimes they don't see, that's what my job to make sure, yes, I'm expert on the testing. So if maybe they don't see some of the functionalities, but I can see it because I'm thinking differently then they are just trying to achieve the goal. I also trying to protect the customer, don't see any failure or the defect or bug. So that's why I create the first test case and then I turn all of them failed first because of the behavior-driven development or if you wanna follow the test-driven, data-driven development, so everything is fine. And then if I turn all of them failed, I expect from the team to make sure the function delivering. While functional delivering, I always check on the daily calls. What is the status? When can I start? Or functional to finish issue or user stories ready for coding, test coding or ready for manual checking. So normally, I like to sometimes doing manually. But we are we have too many agents right now inside the company. And personally, I developed more than 28 and real agents, not for the POC or demo. So, and then I give some of the prompt AI, please check yourself if you can with your knowledge to access the website, visit the pages, are you able to handle this acceptance criteria yourself? If AI can do this, which is great. Some of them still we are using. Or if the module is fully new and we don't know the URL, I need to figure out from the description, I check personally myself, I do one time the validation, but while I'm doing this one, I always record with the playwright. Without the code, I do nothing. Because I want to make sure, why should I spend my time again coding? We're doing the same thing. So that's why while I'm exploring the scenario, I was recording and then I'm holding the file somewhere. And after that, we have the, you have all your environments. That's why I said. After that, I'm giving this scenario to, with the test case, the Azure DevOps MCP, Playwright MCP, and other MCPs to make sure these scenarios covered very well. And then I started the job to validate the functionality because I only record. But the point is, we are not creating the same functions. We are using Gherkin. Sometimes, if we have already functioned doing the same action inside the elements, we are always using them. So that's why this is very advantage for us to not creating the size of the code. And then after validating the results, I informed quickly the team. And then look, I test on my local, it's working, you can go out and then I will deploy these test cases to pipeline. So that's why before creating the PR, I want to make sure everything is working all of them green, and then I create the PR. And after that, when I create the PR, always checked my code and then my colleagues also review my code, what I'm doing and for awareness. And then another AI agent checking my PR, did I mistake, maybe human-based I did mistake. And then after approval, and then I checked the pipeline because everything is automatically connected to each other in Azure DevOps. And then I checked the results and then the pipeline green. And then what I will do, I will associate execution from the test run execution with the test case. Sometimes I do before the creating PR because I wanna make sure everyone can execute. Sometimes after the PR, I will do, the reason is why we are doing this one. If someone needs to execute this test case without you, they can just use the Azure DevOps interface. They can access the test case, they can right click, and then they can just click to run. So like this, pipeline automatically trigger itself, and then they can see the results, and also from the Azure DevOps dashboard, we can share the result. And I will personally sign off the user story to add my signature end of the user story because it's very important quality, I am the all and then I gave the gate because the reason is if someone say, yeah, we tested but it bug came, then your responsibility you didn't cover. This is IV expect from the any QA or automation or doesn't matter to ownership the delivery like this. This is the, my expectation is not like this. I just gave you a perfect answer. But yeah, this is the scenario we are covering. That's why it doesn't matter what kind of environment you have, your own, the expect is how you are driving your test with the team, not the standalone delivery. Okay. Actually, yeah, it sounds very amazing. And I wanted to ask, which models do you use? Because in our company using MCP is good and I came up with a solution of saving costs and it... Yeah, we did, we all did. We have the 35 SQLMD files, we created our own, we trained the framework with what is the playwright and then you don't need to burn too much tokens, so that's why we solved the same problem. And then also not only for the skill MD, we will also for future, I already planned this task, but we have any time we have also able to update our skill MD itself like a training, your training itself because skill MD with maybe coding change, library change. So every time needs to update itself because otherwise you are spending too much token during the rethinking and reasoning. So that's why we our goal is always try to force to use mini models not for the jumping the codex model or big bigger or opus or sonnet and then if you can complete this task with the mini models with the low thinking and then which is great that's why cost optimization also it's very important when you are using AI because if we think about it like this if you are giving too much AI it means you are taking your salary next year raise because everything in the same budget so that's why we know we received a problem and then we added limit to developers it means if you are doing the asking just for the html change to opus model it means your mistake not the model because you don't know how the system is working so that's why we are giving the limited credit for you it's up to you how to use if you want to burn from the first day and then after all days is you will slow down the delivery. That's why we already created some smart managements. Otherwise, every time you are going to MCP too much and then you are burning too much. Yeah, we are on inside the MD file for agent level, also skill MDs and then other knowledge and search in the Azure site and the Blob storage. And then we are asking them, using them. we are not going every time to MCP, we visit everywhere. Yeah, yeah. I just asked AI, we use Claude usually, and for several things that we usually use, like test trail cases to get all the test cases, we just use a script already created it and just put them in the skills and it saves a lot of tokens. Yeah, it's really, I have academic, I am still doing academic research on Microsoft side. They are really moving this topic to different places. That's why they're actually I saw Github already started to change token to credit. It started token first and then they want to create. Okay. Let's move on. So you are familiar with the, okay, what is your most development tool you are using on your local environment? You know, this one is also important because sometimes the, sometimes the people is mildly encoding, they don't know the power of the, the, the idea, you know, like yeah you can do everything there you know you can that's why they are giving you most powerful tool to do coding but sometimes i see people is writing code itself very like a junior like writing all functions because you can use some you can use some the tools etc and then it will help you and we are real open on this so what about your side what is your experience on this Uh, I use rider and actually when, uh, I was Java and, uh, I was always using, okay, first it was not bad and eclipse, but then, uh, idea and tell each, uh, and I used it and it was wow. And then, uh, uh, it occurs C sharp, uh, visual studio has very sharper and it was, wow. Okay. That's still good. And now Rider supports everything. It didn't support... We are not using Rider here, by the way. I wish I used outside to work. I wish, but we are using Visual Studio Code. Yeah, and I'm using Visual Studio Code everywhere. And ReSharper is one of the best things for Visual Studio, in my opinion and yeah I have one year subscription and it will be less and less cost every year so yeah okay let me one differently then may ask on your now we can talk a little about the projects okay because it's important how you are involving the projects so the last experience or previous experience what is the volume of the test case you draw, you know, like the API or UI doesn't matter, total or mobile doesn't matter. I need to understand your projects, I need to understand the size of the managed test case, because I need to also understand how many teams you work with, just small groups or big groups or what you did. We were two automators for four teams, so I had two teams and one team it was pdf project and there were not a lot of cases because and automation too there were like 30 cases and it was just smoke but my second project It was, first it was 130 or 19, I guess, yes, 19 and I've created up to, it became 200, almost 200 automated flows and it's API and UI. Okay, are these test cases scalable or on the value of which environment you were working like, one environment or multiple environment, or let's say if I want to execute the 200 test cases in five minutes, are you able to run? We are able to run, for example, only regression tests. We configured pipeline to run smoke tests, regression tests. There are different areas, so it's scalable from pipeline. And we didn't do parallel, but in the end, we're also using no code solution because we wanted to teach manual testers automation it was our task from the company and we had like three months for it so we decided to use this and uh like which which tool which tool uh power automate and yeah it's Microsoft part of Microsoft you guys do you guys create some the workflow or like the people were adding something or how they were using the portal we created everything and configured and manual testers they just added cases on our base. So we created all collections, we created every base step and they just reused it. It was interesting, but it's not that extendable. I use Power Automates or Power Apps too much. That's why I'm trying to understand. Inside there is a tool like you use something related to say, like Excel or, you know, just for accessing website or that's why I asked, have you manual keys involved inside the Power Automates or Power Apps? Yeah, we actually used Power BI to get all the information on results, and just pull all the failed and all past cases and create reports in our Git Hub. Okay, so you were managing the project or what's called the repository in the GitHub or different thing? Yeah, in GitHub. So it means the project management inside Azure DevOps, but the repository in the GitHub, I confess. Actually, Azure DevOps, it was used on my previous project, not this. On this one, we use AWS and it's for virtual machines and for blobs, we use S3. So yeah, Azure, it's my DevOps and previous lipwork company. Okay. I understand. Okay. Let's move on to something different. I see, so you have experience with the GitHub, you have experience with Azure DevOps, and what about the results? Why you, for example, not the AVS I'm asking, for the Microsoft-related solutions you work on this, why you didn't change the results from the Azure DevOps test result? They have already report tool, they have all the progress, the result chart, when you're automating the what you did there, you know, they're not I'm not asking for the most of all I'm asking for automation level. It was matter of the project itself, it's not our decision. And they had a plan to move Before we used... Oh God, I even forgot the name Actually... Okay, it just was a plan Tool or the product? Yeah, the product... I mean before GitHub We used a different... Jenkins? No, no, no, not Jenkins for sure. Oh God. Somehow it just slipped my mind. I mean, we had all the code in there and everything configured and it's not a test trail. It's okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's just interesting the name. So that's why you can't see it. Yeah, it's just, uh, okay. And yeah, So we moved to GitHub and company didn't have any plans to use Azure or moving to another, any programs or anything. So yeah, unfortunately, that's- Just to understand where you were holding the test cases if you are using it up. So a test rail or where you were checking the test cases Yeah, yeah it was actually yes now I remember it was team city and we moved to github and yeah yeah we have test trail and we have all the results there and yeah it kind of partially manual because when we have results and they are in github or team city before it wasn't automated or synchronized and manual part is that we need to put all the case numbers into the script that I've created and it just pushes every change to test trail. It's kind of not automated fully But because we moved from one technology to another, and it just had a lot of changes. It's part of that manual still. Okay. What about the open source libraries? Have you ever worked with any open source library? Because the test rail and other things like the license, they are too expensive. What is your experience on open source? If companies say to you, you cannot use the paid license, you need to figure out some test management, test results or other things on your quality, you have to use open source, what you will do? Let's say they are asking you, you will not use the test anymore. If we need something open source, need to check that this open source solution, I will just check Google and JetJPT for some solutions and I need to check that it's not forbidden to use from company. But yeah, I didn't have actually experience working with open source. It was usually covered by the company. And you are in the creative, you will suggest a solution. And then they will if they like it, they will buy it. Who was who was providing this kind of things like the project manager? Yeah, we had project manager. And yeah, actually a lot of people between like company tops and us, so yeah, everything should be checked and not by us before we do something. Okay, let's move on. Just a second, I just need to understand something. Okay, let's talk about the Azure script experience, okay? So, from my understanding, when you're working with the Playwright, you work with TypeScript, right? Or C-sharp? With TypeScript. Okay. So you created the framework from scratch with your colleague, two people, from fully scratch, right? Yeah. Okay. So which model you use? You use the fully page object or the different models or different solutions or which steps you follow? We used Claude just to create the base solution with all the methods, basic methods, like covers for every element that we have, then for every page we have desktop application but it's written on OGS. That's why we used TypeScript, because it's possible just to connect DevTools with this. So browser emulates the application, and we can just click through it. and with usage of cloud we just went through every page of the application and created page objects for every part. I worked on vault it's just a holder of of all documents and the possibility to check them, to compare, to just to work with jurisdiction documents and just asked the cloud to go through the pages and get all the elements and then just manually checked every selector it's just actually is the same as DevTools control shift plus C and able to get better selectors and for some we just just asked for a new IDs, new classes. So that was basically it. Okay, but just to understand, because we are using AI too much. So if I do something like this, I don't believe more than two days it will take because I know how model is developing too fast because this is just for the two day. It doesn't matter what I'm doing if If I use too much token, I can finish the baseline in two days maximum. So that is the part of the delivery. This one is also important to understand what you achieved. Yeah, it was very fast. And the time that we spent the most was cases that we needed to wrap together. for example some cases had functionality that is covered already for example some cases they were duplicating and we tried to fix this with AI like to change the prompt but it was manual work to recheck every case and my favorite part was using API for preconditions because still TypeScript works very fast but when you need to upload a lot of documents and click through the old drop downs and we need to create several documents, it still takes time and with API we used Fiddler to get the token of the current session just to check if it's really possible to do locally because nor developers nor QA's, manual QA's that were before us, they didn't know if it's possible. But yeah, yeah, the most amount of time was checking of possibilities and then creation and debugging yeah it's kind of long part too okay just a second mm-hmm okay now I want to ask the last question Do you have any questions? Yeah, I'm actually interested. Yeah, it's very interesting. What is the stack? I asked on previous session, but I'm interested in the stack of the project, project, which what is used mostly. Okay, we are using the we are we are a couple of things because we are not using only one stack. The reason is because it's it's helping us to somebody to light weight also execution time. Let me give you a quick briefing for us. Only I can share what I can share. The we are running minimum 1515,800 test cases. And we have the we have the four environments, UAT and production. And we are running everything parallel. And our team size is not big, but the delivery is big because we believe the technology is helping us to doesn't matter how many people you are working on this. So if you create some solid scratch structures, everything will work. So that's why someone's saying to us, yeah, I work too much on automation. I am super busy with the fifth test case. No, it's not for us to engineering level the reality because, for example, before our call, I automated already 140 this case. The reason is, the reason is we manage the frameworks very well. So it means you can able to protect more scenarios. It doesn't matter sometimes only for the business. On the text, text, text side, we have the Python free with the Playwright Python framework, with the other libraries, we I combine all of them. We developed the four times the framework from scratch. And because the technology change. And then, and then we found the new functionalities, we compare the performance. And we have a commerce platform, and like amazon.com, similar, similar, but for the companies that for the personal, it means companies are registering and buying. So business to business, we are growing. So it's a private commerce. And that's why the our responsibility is make sure every product is easily, they can buy, they can order, they can track, and they can follow the process. On the tech side, also, we have the tight script part, the lightweight, because we want to make sure each production deployment quickly, we need to check results. So that's why we have too many AI solutions on this, not only for the smoke part. But our main goal is the people involved inside the process, not for the only AI. So that's why we developed some AI health check on the Teams integration. And anyone who would like to execute any automation test case, they will just execute some text comments on the Teams channel or chat group chat. They are just writing the slash health check. And then they are just which module they want to execute. And then we are burning all test cases and then we are giving the results of them. So that's why they don't need us. Sometimes we really reduced the effort. That's why our team size is right now 10. And with the manual case with I can say 20. But earlier I was working with the 40 and 45. So we realize that we don't need too many people because we are able to cover with the strong structs, strong libraries or strong the architectures. So that's why we are really expert in Azure DevOps, and using some other tools integrations, we are not automating some tenor, we are developing some, whatever they need. We are full stack engineers. And if they need to develop something tool or dashboard or another solution and tools to tool integration, webhook to webhook or micro services they need, so big volume of the traffic or the testing that we are the right team that doing something and also, our team move really the AI moving. So we develop the we know what is the problem right now during the test case creation, test case generation, validation, etc. We invest in invested too much AI, and it worked very well. And then right now we are eating the results really, because there are really focused the high volume of the delivery. And yeah, we are doing pretty well, but we have more projects are coming. So that's why we want to make sure the candidates able to handle this volume able to sometimes the VR new websites coming to new companies saying to us, yeah, okay, we bought this company. And then your goal is the regression, create regression for everything, all models. So that's why you need to be smart to create some also we have another framework for the scroll the entire website. It means visiting all modules, all pages, understanding scenarios. And then we are giving this data AI to make sure what is this application we are creating our knowledge like a woman, like a brain and then we creating some nodes. These nodes helping us. Okay, now my goal is the test is web application. And then if someone develops some new functionality, I'm checking my knowledge base, which are they matching or not? If they're not matching, I'm understanding, okay, they're developing something new. And then AI is evolving there too much to helping us. But on tech side, We work too much with the MS-Test, that's why I ask. And we use the C-Sharp a lot. And then our team still using somewhere, some of the C-Sharp because sometimes you need. We have enterprise license. We are using too many tools. All vendor onboarding, it means the, let's say the Postman, Bruno, all other tools. We are the leading this part. We are deciding to which tool company should use because the reason is we are the experts on topics and then we are trusting our judgment and then we are forcing them. The reason is if someone is just saying that we will use this one, if they don't know the functionality fully, it means they cannot take the whole opportunity. That's why our also job search the market, our search industry, find the best solution and then bring us. So that's why this is the part of our delivery. I'm personally, I'm Speaker on Serenium Conference and other testing conference. And I always close with the Microsoft open source projects on GitHub, I'm really contributing them to make sure industry also growing somewhere. And then I'm also able to use it. That's why the open source world, I ask you the reason understand how you are contributing because sometimes you need to give the direction open source as a private company, because it will help you. So that's why do always we create our, our own strategy, our own plan, we have mission, and then make sure that I say the you have $10 million project or $20 million project, we are the owner the quality with automation. So we are trying we start to reduce the manual QA part, because we believe features, it will not go anywhere. Manual click, it's really dying because today you can ask everything to AI, AI can open website for you. And there are some open source libraries like a browser use, you can have a look. This is really great. And then you are play around with the prompts, any action and then you can integrate with any testing or project management tool helping you easily what you what you will do. So yes, our tech stack is really strong. And then data management, we are using the Mongo and for scale parts, that's why I asked you have a scale. So when we need to execute more test cases, we are compiling our testing framework to Docker and then on the Kubernetes side, we are scaling the pods and then they are running like a browser agent. And then if we need to more, we are just scaling the pod more. So, and then we are able to execute all test case free because we have resources, if you are not using, This is your disadvantage. But earlier or future where we will go, I know on the Azure side app testing is growing because I'm really close with the Microsoft and they are just giving you one URL and then you are able to execute the entire scenario from on the cloud with paying less. Today on the market, the companies, browser users, source lab, they are using the same thing, but they are selling to you as a tool. But behind it's going to actually the Azure Playwright or any library. So that's why there's no advantage to you buy from someone to use license. That's why if someone asks you why you are able to continue to do your delivery without any enterprise product. So we have all these backup for features like we need to cut something. If we need to cut something, We want to make sure we don't have any dependency to private companies to drive in the quality. Yeah, these are the honors to everyone. Yeah, sounds very inspiring. All right, then. Yeah, yeah, I myself go to meetups and for now contribute a little bit. But yeah, yeah, that sounds amazing what you do. All right, I need to jump to another call. Thank you so much. Thank you for your time. Yeah, you too. Have a good day. I don't know what will happen, but I just can say, from my perspective, I expect more, because I know maybe you are a good coder, but still you need to figure out on my end which area you'll focus, like the GitHub or the residuals, of course, based on the companies. But the challenge is, if you are not, if you are not expert on the one area, it will give you some weaknesses to guess I know something, I know something, I know something. But in reality, I always prefer the something you're very strong. Yeah, doesn't matter what the other people is saying. I always believe something and then I always try to use my highest power area. So that's why in Azure DevOps or Microsoft solutions, it's silly. That's why we never jumped on other things because we believe it's stuck somewhere, your skill is really growing. And then, and then you are able to solve every problem. So but if you jump to too much to others and then somebody you have to decide, okay, I will continue this one on it. So thank you for your time and then see you later. Have a good day. Bye. Thank you.